everyone black here from Ontario CEO and
in this video we're gonna cover leather
working from 225 to 300 in Guild Wars 2
really sorry for the long break since
the last leather working video but I got
all the cloth and heavy stuff done in
the mean time so can't do it all at once
right
anyway materialist shopping list
86 linen scraps 86 rugged leather
sections 56 spools of linen thread 38
sharp fangs 24 heavy bones 12 full venom
sacks 12 sharp claws and 9 miles of
thick blood as always start out by
refining the raw materials so go ahead
and create 43 bolts of linen and 44
cured rugged leather sections with there
are materials refined head up to the
crafting components and create four
pairs of boo Adams 5 pairs of glove
items 6 pairs of helmets items and 6
pairs of shoulder items
with that complete scroll down to the
insignias where you will create two
Valkyrie when in insignias then discover
each Valkyrie linen insignia with both
the helm and shoulder piece which will
cut you at two hundred and fifty other
working so now go back to production and
down to insignias and create four
rampages for explorers and three
berserkers and in Sydney's that done go
back to the discovery tab and discover
all your recipes here
and this will put you at 275 trade skill
or it's time to make the embroidered in
Sigma so go ahead and scroll down to the
insignias one more time then you are
going to create for Val kiri embroidered
linen insignias and three carry-on
embroidered linen insignia finally head
back to the discovery tab and finish
discovering all the items here and this
will have brought you up to 300
leatherworking thanks for watching guys
if you found this video useful I really
appreciate it if you hit the like button
below subscribe so you're the first to
know when we come out with our 300 to
375 and Beyond leatherworking video for
Guild Wars 2 once again this has been
blurred from unfair CEO until next time
guys take care
you